The easiest method is proly just to buy a block of ice.
I called Home City Ice (based in Attica) and they wanted $155 for a 10"x20"x40.5" 300# block of ice."
After that you have to make your own.
The first problem is finding space in a freezer to make the luge.
You now have two options; make a mold or buy a mold.
There are commercial molds or you can just buy a storage bin, fill it with water and stick it in your fridge. The problem is that you won't really find a storage bin that *just* fits in your fridge. If you go this route you can probably just fill the tub with water and let it set until its frozen.  Don't fill it too much though.  Leave a couple inches of space from the top.  Water expands when it turns to ice and you really don't want the water to overflow. To prevent this fill the tub with water in stages and let each set before adding more water.

Option 2 is to make a mold out of a plastic bag and household items.
I made a frame out of an old Erector set. Legos are another options. Bending and creating a frame out of wire hangers is another option.
Line the frame with a plastic trash bag.  Use clothes pins to make sure the plastic bag doesn't fall in when you pour water into the mold.  If you don't use a plastic trash bag (bc you can't find one large enough) then you can use a shower liner or some other material.  Just be sure that the plastic item that you use doesn't have any holes in it.  
Now fill the plastic mold an inch or so and let it set.  This will allow you some wiggle room just in case something goes wrong. 
To ease in the removal of the luge from the freezer it might not be a bad idea to put some heavy rope at 1/3 and 2/3 the length of the block that wraps around the block of ice. This will allow you an easy way to pull the block of ice out of the fridge and do a two person carry of the block of ice to the staging area.
I had a hole in the plastic sheet I used. So since I hadn't filled the mold all the way I just let the water slowly leak out and the rest freeze.  I then had to break free the plastic from the water that had leaked out. Otherwise I was looking at a problem when I went to get the ice out.

To speed the process (once you know that your mold is waterproof) you can buy bag ice and pour the ice into the water.  This will help the water freeze faster.
If you do the freezing in stages you can add fun things like action figures or pieces of paper to add a silhouette in the block of ice.
You can also add in a highlighter and then use a blacklight to illuminate the ice and have it glow.
You can find a list of items that you can add that will fluoresce under a blacklight online.
Before adding any other items that you want to fluoresce do a test batch in an ice tray.  The freezing point may be much lower than you expect it to be screwing things up. (Tonic water with quinine seems to not freeze. It just turns into a slush.)

If you have a small freezer you could possibly have another friend make another one and then do a waterfall effect over two small blocks.

NOTE: water/ice is very heavy. A 12"x15"x17" will be about 120#.
The Actual math (0.95g/cm^3 x 1Kg/1000g x 2.202lbs/kg x (2.54 cm / in)^3 = 0.0342801 lbs / in^3 )
So be careful when you try to remove it from the refrigerator.

If you plan on trasnporting the block of ice any sizable distance it is probably a good idea to have one of those plastic bins to stick the luge in.  that way the ice will melt into the bin and not all over the inside of your trunk. Place several towels down to absorb shock of any bumps in the road.  I'm not really sure how easy the ice will break.  It probably depends on how well the weight is distributed adn how thick the ice is.

Carving Channels:
Start the channels using any of these methods-->
use a woodburning tool or soldering iron to carve the channels
use a drill
CAUTION: Any of the above methods pose a severe risk as you'll be using an electrical item in close proximity to water! Be extra careful and use gloves and be sure to use something with a grounding plug so you don't electrocute yourself.
use a screwdriver and a hammer.
To widen the channels after they've been started pour water down them or pour liquor down them for a test run ;)
If the channels aren't very deep avoid hard curves as the liquor will eat away at the slopes and eventually overrun the slopes.
So try and make deep channels.
I opt for making the block of ice work so that you have two channels.  THat way two people can "race" whereas just having one person drinkings is a bit lame.

Setting up a stage:
The ice block will be very heavy.  You'll need some way of securing it in a sloping angle. use C clamps to prevent the block of ice from sliding or drill bolt holes through a table so as to prevent it from sliding and breaking.  Having 100+# of ice dropping on someone is  a major buzzkill and youdon't want that.

Add lights etc underneath the lights for added fun since you'll be doing the drinking at night.
