It'll need to be several layers of papier mache.
Proly about 5-6 layers.  (Well we'll see how well that works.)
I just used old newspaper adn a mixture of flour and water for the glue.
The glue mix should be pertty thick. Dip the newspaper in and pull through the solution and then squeegee the excess off between your index and middle fingers.

I constructed two halves for the main body (a front and back.) I did this by laying down wax paper and using a marker to outline a basic size / layout. I then laid down strips zigzagging and overlaying in my template. I let these two halves dry. I then used an old cereal box as a spacer for "gluing" the two halves together with papier mache. I wrapped the cereal box in wax paper as well to prevent the papier mache from sticking to it. I thougth of using the cereal box as a base but wasn't sure if it would break and spill out candy the way I wanted it too. Anyway I then put the two halves together using a few small strips of duct tape to hold the two halves together while I got things started with the papier mache sides.  AFter I got things going I took off the duct tape.  I had the two halves standing up on a long edge. I then filled in the sides wrapping from front to back across the gap. This was completed on three sides. I then let it dry.  Before starting on the third side I removed the cereal box spacer.  If you want to not use the exterior twine, then now is the time to stick in some wireframe support of some sort (use wire hangers?) so that you can just jab a hole in the top and tie to the frame that you stuck in at this point.  Now viewing into the cavity of the pinata you can see how well you've constructed it.  If you see any light peeping in then double up on those areas.  Continue on with the papier mache on this final side.  Be sure that you leave a decent size opening so that you can stick candy in.  Bigger is better and can always be patched up if need be. Leaving that hole is IMPORTANT.
Now just let the sucker dry.
Get a roll of bunting or whatever and wrap your creation.
Add stickers, graphics etc as you wish. 
The papier mache isn't conducive to things sticking to it so kinda factor that in. Tape etc just pulls the flour coating off the newspaper and doesn't stick at all.
If you have an exterior design that you glue on you might first want to do a dry run and make templates. I did this just in case during transport things got busted/ fell off.  That way I could just quickly make a new one from the template for a fix.  By this I mean I had a cutout of Spongebobs face that I could easily retrace and cut out on a nwe piece of paper and then color in and glue on the bunting. 
The Spongebob pinata you could buy in the store had the bunting cut so it was frilly. If you have the time then you can do this too.

Wrap the entire thing leaving a hole to put the candy in.
This will also be where yo uplace the hanger that will be used to hang the pinata.

When the pinata dried it warped a bit and putting the two pieces together to form Spongebob's body made him a bit thin so that the candy I bought I had to stuff in it was such a tight fit. Drying ni layers might alleviate this. Or just plan ahead that you might have to make the sides thicker or pay attention when drying to flatten it out.

The hanger inside the box didn't work well as it ripped through the papier mache too easily. In the end we lightly wrapped the box in twine (i.e. made a holster) so that we didn't crush the pinata. This worked really well as it allowed teh pinata to easily swing and allowed the candy to fall out while being secure.

I had about the right amount of candy.  1 big mixed bag, some ring pops and candy bracelets.  The ring pops and candy bracelets were HUGE.


