Tshirts:
I placed the order at 4:30ish on Thursday March 31.
I approved the art design on Monday April 4th
The order shipped on Thur April 7th
The shirts were delivered on Fri April 8th
I think sticking in the notes that the font was X and could be found for free at X that this helped speed up the process.


If you aren't excited, check your pulse. You probably are dead cuz you know what kind of damage I can bring to a party.

Music:
Need a playlist. Or just play the normal stuff.

Food:
Krabby Patties:
http://spongebob.wikia.com/wiki/Krabby_Patty
Borrow a grille and grill out
A Pineapple to eat
Twinkie Planktons
A SBSP shaped cake.

Drink:
Pineapple Daiquiris (need blender)
Stage for the Ice Luge. Put it over the sink?

General Ideas:
http://www.adultpartyideas.com/html/fun_theme_parties_35.html
Pinata

Items Purchased:
Glow Sticks 
Balloons
Stickers
Nametags
Puzzles
Beads
Drink Parasols
SBSP Cups
SBSP Table Cloth as wall decoration
Ring pops for pinata

Items That Need to be Purchased:
Pineapple
pineapple slices to hang on daiquiris?
Daiquiri items:Rum, triple sec, limes, lime juice
Pinata fillers: candy neckklace, gum, pop rocks, kool aid mixes,indvd wrapped chocolate, fortune cookies, peanut packs, cookie packs, jolly ranchers.
Sharpies
Air horn $1 @deals
Krabby patty supplies: buns, patties, cheese, conidments, potato salad
Alcohol: Rum, triple sec, beer, vodka
SBSP & Patrick Idols

Things to be done at the House:
Do phosphor drawing on wall for blacklight shit
Set up ice luge
Put lights under ice luge
get grill
Make Daiquiris - foodnetwork.com/recipes/emeril ?? pineapple-daquiri-recipe/index.html can either shake to chill -->yeah so premix and then pour out and have it in pitcher in fridge

Things to be done before making it to the House:
Finish Pinata
Ice for daiquiris (will have chilled mix)
Make Ice luge
Send out get excited email (Thursday) mention that partying will start at 7ish, if you don't show I'll be at liberty to sell your shirt to someone else since I don't want the damn things.
Make sure the shirts are delivered
Get Alcohol 
Give self henna SBSP tattoo
Gift / thingee for Cam (get nice PTri print of last year n this year, border n sign it) 
Buy buns, patties, cheese, chips, potato salad, condiments 
Get Blacklight from Ryan
Borrow a blender (possibly not needed)

Things to take to Alex's:
Drill to make ice luge channels

Things done:
Print up name tags
Make TShirt Payment List

Get Excited email/Message:
I'm picking up Spongebob and Patrick at the Indy Airport tomorrow. Their flight gets in from Miami at 1130 (AA flight 3517 and yes that's a real flight because they ARE coming!). Spongebob and Patrick want to kick it in Indy for a bit and check out Downtown and the Stadiums.  We'll drive up with some buffer time before 7 so they can freshen up. Then they look forward to ROCKING THEIR FACES OFF WITH YOU!!
Are you excited? 
I'm excited! 
Noms is excited. 
I know. 
Poor bastard won't be able to sleep tonight he's so excited.
If you aren't like Noms and can sleep, then dream of tropical islands, ocean breezes, pineapples, crazy winter olympic sports, aquatic racing, and the most badass Porifera (Spongebob) and Echinodermata (Patrick) out there!

Don't forget to wear your Speedo and bring a beach towel!
Sippin Margaritas and Banging Senoritas,
Capt. Salty Old Bawls
Random Fact: Spongebob does P90X and is ripped! He has 6 pack abs hiding under that sensible looking dress shirt and tie!


(can I get a round of applause? I've done a lot of work planning to get you guys fucked up. I enjoyed it but wouldn't mind a thank you. But thank them all for coming. Thank PTC for representing at Nats and donig a kick ass job. Callout to Cam leaving "I'll miss this guy. Some of my best blackout drunk nights have been partying with Cam after BMFs. I feel that without Cam my bad-good drinking ideas or good-bad drinking ideas would never have come to fruition. So raise a glass for Cam! He'll be missed.")


Shopping Comparisons:
---------------------
Office Depot FF Commons:
$6.79 for 4 pk of silver metal sharpies
$8.30 for 12pk of blk/red/bl sharpies (pick one color)
$10.50 for 12pk that covers rainbow

Michaels FF Commons:
$14.99 for 12pk rainbow + bonus 8pk rainbow

Deals FF Commons:
SBSP plates $2
SBSP napkins $2
silly putty


Shenanigans:
------------
This is a race. A test of endurance.
->Flip cup->Boat race -> buzzle
Boat race (1 drink), then 
Puzzle race (1 drink), then
blow up a balloon (1 drink)
Buzzle: Beer Puzzle (take a piece out from each puzzle and stick in another puzzles?)
Teams:
Those who went to Nats
Those who completed first Olympic
Those who have done a Tri before
Friends outside of Triclub
Ice Luge game?
Boom-
Pinata- first hits go to team that won the buzzle
Ahh its great to be the puppet master and make people do things.



Nametag ideas:
Spongebob in other languages: http://en.spongepedia.org/index.php?title=SpongeBob_SquarePants
Spongebob characters: SBSP, Squidward, Sandy Cheeks, Plankton, Mr. Krabs, Patrick, Gary....all can be seen from the above link 

Proly not Purchasing:
Sidewalk chalk the walls for decorations
Chocolate Body Shot Paint
Possible use of bubbles
SBSP party hats
Cheap sidewalk chalk $1 walmart
sbsp fabric 4.49/yd walmart
sbsp 3d card game 4.50 walmart
Airhorn $1 deals 

