First there are a few orders of business...this won't take long such just hang tight.
1)Thank you:
Thank you all for coming. Without you I'd be sitting at home drinking by myself with a doll of SB & Patrick watching the cartoon. So thank you for showing up and letting me help you get fucked up. I really enjoyed planning all this and hopefully all of you enjoy the night.
And I just wanted you to know that I am a badass.

2)Continuing the Tradition:
This is the third year as a Triclub event. According to Noms, that makes it a tradition. Can I have a volunteer to pass the torch along to? If there are noe volunteers I'm going to make Ellie do it. Don't worry I'll help you and all that jazz. Next year will be your apprentice year. But the show must go on...

3)Cam: 
Most of you know Cam. He is a great guy. I personally spent 3 weeks of my life Driving Miss Daisy around the country. Most of you don't know that Cam is a douchebag.  Most of you don't know but he is leaving on June 20 for Army Basic Training. This will probably be one of Cam's last Triclub events for some time. Therefore as a way to recognize that I wouldn't have made nearly as many bad decisions in grad school if it weren't for you we have a little gift to tell you that Triclub hearts you and will miss you. We also have some awesome cupcakes courtesy of Master Baker Paulsen.
So if you have a man or lady crush on Cam best make a move since he's going to be dodging bullets soon.

4)Nats:
Congrats at kicking ass at Nats. You have no idea how much I wanted to be there. You represented Purdue Triathlon well you should all be proud of yourselves. Brett I'm particularly proud of you because you didn't get a rookie mark on your face. Doing so in the first place was a damn achievement. Now its time to kick back and relax after all that hard work. You've earned it.
Cheers to all who rocked it at Nats.

5)Mu'umu Award:
Michael Dunten. I don't know you very well. I do know you well enough to make fun of you. YoU fine sir are the only person to get a Large shirt. If you continue to participate in the Purdue Triathlon club you need to learn that we wear our shit tight and small. Think Speedo, wetsuit, bike shorts, tiny running shorts. Now take a shot for your ignorance.

6)Let's be safe:
And last but not least, there are varying skill levels of drinkers. Some have been drinking longer than others. That doesn't mean shit because many of you have seen how fucked up I can get under my own steam and I've been drinking for a good spell. So anyway, moral of the story: No when to say when and be safe. Really I want you to all have a good time but not to have anyone end up in the hospital. That is such a buzzkill.

7)And now...Its' game time.
ARE YOUR LIVERS READY TO PARTY?
WHO LIVES IN A PINEAPPLE UNDER THE SEA
IS NAUTICAL NONSENSE SOEMTHING YOU WISH?
Are you ready for physical mental and social challenges?
You're all competitive right?to party your face off with SPONGEBOB!
